Till we have our basic animation and we get into a failed animation.
It's always the same idea.
We get into pretty much the same thing but with the fading element if she's going to fade in and then
fade out if the element goes out the same idea.
Go to fate.
I'm going to go right here into the fade and the problem is that if we are if we go to the component
for example right here in the basic Will this is a lot of code and imagining that you have you can have
a lot of elements with Transition Group.
And while this could get really really messy.
So I'm going to show you a different way a different approach for the same thing.
I'm going to go right here and top.
And first we need to import the transfers.
So I'm going to just copy of this CSSA from the scoop just paste it right here.
Then we need to wrap everything inside the transition's group.
OK.
So I'm going to go right here and wrap that element with the A C Ss transition strip right OPEN CLOSE.
Now the next thing is going to be to add the attributes right here.
And we can do this in a different way.
I'm going to go right here in the top and we're going to create a viable.
It's going to be Konst and this is going to be called Faid animation just something that makes sense.
And this is going to be an object inside of instead of fitting this attributes right here in the transmission's
group what we can do we can make use of this object and feed that element with the object.
So the first thing we need for the to start logistician is going to be the name.
So this one is going to be called Fate.
It's going to go and create transition and then just name the transition name is going to be fate.
And remember the object we don't do this right here.
It's going to be fate.
OK.
Then a coma.
And OK what's the next one.
I want you to do the appear transition.
OK.
So we do transition and then appear right.
This one's going to be an object too and it's going to be true.
All right then we need the transition appear.
Time out.
So I'm going to do a timeout.
OK.
And this one is going to be 500 milliseconds just like before then we need to set the enter transition.
So again it's just going to be transition and then enter this again it's going to be true.
And then a coma.
And we need to set the time out for this one.
So we just do the same thing.
It's going to be time out and there's one again five hundred.
OK the next one is going to be the transitional leave.
So was going to say transition and leave and it's going to be again just true.
And then again same idea with the transition time out of the 500 milliseconds.
That's good.
So now instead of just doing this inside the element when I can I can do I can just copy this viable
going to go right here at the bottom and I'm going to do the following.
I'm going to just add curly braces right here and I can paste that name.
And it's not going to work you know because we are pretty much passing the whole object.
So what we need to do we can we can we can make use of destructuring right here.
It's actually not that torturing is going to be at rest.
Operator is something.
It's in some some a little bit of ESX magic.
So I'm going to do dot dot dot and then just save it and that is going to work.
Now Dot dot dot it's kind of a it's entering this is grabbing this object and with a dot dot dot it's
entering to the contents of this one and for each one is creating an attribute.
That's pretty much what's happening in a nutshell.
So this is when it's really really useful.
Now we need to do the set up on the DSS are going to go to the SS and begin to start setting this up.
So the first thing we need to do is to set up the transition appear for this elements for the fading.
So I'm going to say dots.
We use the fade name and it's going to be Faid appear to fade appear.
It's going to be opacity and just Zero Dark One just like we did before.
Then the next stage is going to be Faid dash appear dot and then fade dash appear active.
OK.
This one is going to have an a passive one and the transmission is going to be capacity.
And then just died five seconds is in.
Right.
Good.
OK so let's review the page all right that's working.
So now we need to do the same thing for the for the enter transition.
So again Faid dosh enter and the entering is going to be a city of 0.1 just to have something.
And then again Faid enter and it's going to be added the add the active it's going to be Faid then enter
and then active.
So that one is going to have to pass city of one and we're going to do the translation for this one
as well.
So I'm just going to copy of this and instead of doing five I'm just going to do 500 milliseconds just
it's actually the same thing 0.5 seconds.
So it's the same idea going to just below the page.
And if I add an element right we're getting that.
Let's get so let's do the remove transition and say Faid instead of enter it's going to be leave and
the leave is going to have an impasse city of one just going to copy and paste and then begin to have
the Faid dosh and then leave dot and then fade leave Dasch active.
Right.
Just like before this one is going to have an apache of zero that one and then the transition again
be we just use the same thing just to save time.
OK so if I reload the page I add a moment.
We are getting it.
And if I remove it right that's working just nicely right.
So again just the same idea in a different way.
So let's go to the next section.
And I'm going to show you something else.
And we're going to do the slide transition.